JOUR352/652 Mid-Term Exam (In-Class Portion)

Directions:

1.  The only thing you should have open on your desktop is this text file in Text Wrangler.  Put away all books, papers, notes, limbs with hints scrawled in pen.  Put away all electronic devices. Close all browsers and all other programs. Close all other text wrangler files.  
2. You may use your brain.
3.  Don't talk with, send signals through blinking, connect telepathically, use smoke signals or otherwise communicate with your neighbors. 
4.  Answer every question in the space provided. 
5.  If you don't understand what I'm asking for on a question, ask me. 
 

****

20 QUESTIONS

1.  Put code into the sentence below that would allow users to click on the word Google and go to the Google homepage: 
 
Google is the best search engine in the world.

2.  What tag would you use to make text bold (not CSS you'd put in a stylesheet, but the actual specific tag used for this purpose)?

3.  What tag would you use to make text italic (not CSS you'd put in a stylesheet, but the actual specific tag used for this purpose)? 

4.  Describe the purpose of a DIV tag. 

5.  Write out the basic structure of an HTML page, putting down the basic tags in the correct position.  (Note: I'm just looking for the basics, you don't need to include a stylesheet or put a title on the page or include DIV tags or anything like that). 

6.  In what section of an HTML page would you put link to a stylesheet?

7.  In what section of an HTML page would you put text or images or DIV tags?

8.  In the space below, put one DIV tag with a class of apples and another DIV tag with an ID of grapes. 

9.  Pretend that the space below is your stylesheet.  Write the correct code to target the DIV with a class of apples and the DIV with an ID of grapes.  For each one, correctly add one property and value of your choosing (i.e. margin, width, padding, etc...)  

10.  Pretend that you have a DIV that holds your page's menu.  There is ONLY ONE menu on the page.  To style the DIV, would you assign it an ID or a class? Why? 

11.  What is the name of the tag that we use to connect a stylesheet to our HTML document?  You don't have to write out all the code to connect the styleheet, just tell me what the tag is called. 

12.  What is the name of the tag we use to connect a file containing javascript to our HTML document? You don't have to write out all the code to connect the file, just tell me what the tag is called. 

13.  What tag would we use to include an image on an HTML page? Just give me the name of the tag, you don't have to write out all the code. 

14.  What tag would we use to embed a YouTube video or a timeline from Timeline.JS? Just give me the name of the tag, you don't have to write out all the code. 

15.  Imagine that you want to link to your HTML document to a stylesheet.  The stylesheet is called style.css.  It is located in a folder called CSS.  This folder, CSS, is located in the same folder as your HTML document. Write the path to the css file. 

16.  What do we use media queries for? 

17.  In very basic terms, what does a javascript function do?

18.  Why is proper indentation important when writing code? 

19.  It's generally true that when you open an HTML tag you must close it with a closing tag.  But there are a few examples of tags that self close.  Give an example of one of these self closing tags. 

20.  Do you now understand the following maxims?
--A central feature of learning to build the Internet is The Struggle. 
--Struggling does not mean you are bad at building the Internet. In fact, it means you are doing everything right. Keep struggling. 
--Building the Internet is much like Life On Planet Earth: tedium and struggle and frustration, punctuated by moments of overwhelming joy. The people who succeed at both -- life and building the Internet -- put their heads down and keep going.       
--The solutions to problems that arise when building the Internet are not always obvious. 
--The best way to find the answer to these problems is to Try a Bunch of Things Until Something Works.
--The next best way is to Look for the Answer Online. 
--The third best way is to Ask Someone Else - but only after you've tried a bunch of things first and looked online.
--In building the Interent, as in life, you must be persistent, you must keep trying, you must work through frustration, you must be gritty, you must be resilient?
(Hint: the answer is Yes.  Write Yes below). 
